Add interfaces to OpenSearchClient's namespaces API specifications (fixes #423) (#646)
opensearch-project/opensearch-net: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### ⚠️ Breaking Changes ⚠️
- As part of [efforts to re-generate the client](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-net/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3Acode-gen+is%3Aclosed) from our [OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-api-specification) there have been numerous corrections and changes that resulted in breaking changes. Please refer to [UPGRADING.md](UPGRADING.md) for a complete list of these breakages and any relevant guidance for upgrading to this version of the client.

> - To allow easier unit testing of code using OpenSearch, interfaces were introduced for all classes under OpenSearch.Client.Specification, and the properties in IOpenServiceClient and OpenServiceClient were changed from the concrete classes to the new interfaces.

Reviewer: I think we can move this further down under a `### Changed` heading, and it should generally follow the layout and verbiage of other entries, something like:
```suggestion
- Changed the namespace client properties on `IOpenSearchClient` to return corresponding interfaces to better enable mocking & unit testing ([#646](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-net/pull/646))
```

Author: This has been updated
